Several, two, three sets
It stands to reason that an average of 600 bottles.
Better 800 bottles
The contract is signed
Three sets
Too few.
Wait a minute.
Someone will definitely come again
Then let's go upstairs again
Okay, okay.
Brother, why don't you wait a few more days?
I guess all the money should be spent
Why should we talk to them?
It won't be too late
What time, sir?
Then you will know
That's right, it's coming with me
You're right to listen to me
Come sooner or later
Why can't you help but buy it again?
Let's start with the ordinary 1,600.
Better 2,000.
A lot of money
To bargain
Open your mouth
Ordinary 600.
Better 800
Not many places.
outdated
Yo Yo Yo Yo
Open your eyes and talk nonsense
You think this house is cabbage
Come on, open your eyes and show me clearly
Press Yuxi
We all have a big share of your house
These traitors
He secretly sold the house
Uncle, this contract is really fake
You go ask these people
Fake good
I'll ask first
Go go go go
Fake must be fake
This is outside.